doc/get-involved.md, before:

> Learn in which ways you can get involved with the project development!

Easy!Appointments is an open source project and thus the connection with the users community is stronger than commercial projects. People can contribute in the development and spread of this project and make it even better so that they, themselves can take advantage of it in order to fulfill their business needs. Bellow are described the ways that you can help E!A get better.

### Testing 
The most important goal of Easy!Appointments is performance and stability and that means that EVERYTHING MUST WORK AS EXPECTED. Even though the project has been tested thoroughly during its Beta phase it is important that bugs are tracked down and are fixed as soon as possible. 

### Suggestions 
Everything you might suggest about the project will be taken into concern and is highly appreciated. Your ideas of new features and enhancements are very important and will help Easy!Appointments become even better. So do not hesitate to submit your suggestions and feature requests to [E!A Submission Form](http://easyappointments.org/submission.php)

### Translation 
Since version 1.0 Easy!Appointments supports custom language translations so that people that are not familiar with English can use the application more easily. If you want to help with the translation process download the "translations.xls" file and once done send it back to [alextselegidis@gmail.com](mailto:alextselegidis@gmail.com). The translation will be applied in E!A within the next release and you will be off course credited for your work.

Translation File: [translations.xls](https://www.dropbox.com/s/d5wzebzar3xllwj/translations.xls?dl=1)

### User Feedback
It would be much appreciated if you would take 5 minutes of your time to fill this small form on your experience with Easy!Appointments. User feedback is very important and will help with the future planning of the project. Fill the [E!A Feedback Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15dw1jl7lUgw4q-XXMn13Gx_e8zJxAiyWYMOdqtZqIHU/viewform).

Commit message:

Added current version to markdown files.

doc/get-involved.md, after:

# Get Involved

> Learn in which ways you can get involved with the project development!

Easy!Appointments is an open source project and thus the connection with the users community is stronger than commercial projects. People can contribute in the development and spread of this project and make it even better so that they, themselves can take advantage of it in order to fulfill their business needs. Bellow are described the ways that you can help Easy!Appointments get better.

### Testing 
The most important goal of Easy!Appointments is performance and stability and that means that **everything must work as expected**. Even though the project has been tested thoroughly during its Beta phase it is important that bugs are tracked down and are fixed as soon as possible. 

### Suggestions 
Everything you might suggest about the project will be taken into concern and is highly appreciated. Your ideas of new features and enhancements are very important and will help Easy!Appointments become even better. So do not hesitate to submit your suggestions and feature requests to [E!A Submission Form](http://easyappointments.org/submission.php)

### Translation 
You are more than welcome to help with the translation progress of the user interface. The application is already translated into a big variety of languages but as new features are added new strings need to be translated. You can send your translations through a poll request in GitHub or per email to [alextselegidis@gmail.com](mailto:alextselegidis@gmail.com)

### User Feedback
It would be much appreciated if you would take 5 minutes of your time to fill this small form on your experience with Easy!Appointments. User feedback is very important and will help with the future planning of the project. Fill the [E!A Feedback Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15dw1jl7lUgw4q-XXMn13Gx_e8zJxAiyWYMOdqtZqIHU/viewform).

*This document applies to Easy!Appointments v1.2*.
